Add a reference to custom task docs (#3504)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/containers/reference.md

The tasks allow for a great deal of control and customization. The final configuration is a combination of general defaults, platform-specific defaults (such as .NET Core and Node.js), and user input. User input takes precedence when it conflicts with defaults.

> All common features of Visual Studio Code tasks (for example, grouping tasks into compound tasks) are supported by Docker extension tasks. For more information on common task features and properties see [Visual Studio Code custom task documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks#_custom-tasks).

Reviewer: Using an internal link
```suggestion
All common features of Visual Studio Code tasks (for example, grouping tasks into compound tasks) are supported by Docker extension tasks. For more information on common task features and properties see [Visual Studio Code custom task documentation](/docs/editor/tasks.md#_custom-tasks).
```

Reviewer 2: Too funny, Gordon and I are cross commenting.
You will want to remove the underscore from Gordon's suggestion.

Reviewer: updated suggestion

Author: Thanks! Hope I got it right this time ☺️

> 

Reviewer 2: This can be a relative link, which will allow navigation on GitHub and in VS Code.
Change to `(/docs/editor/tasks.md#custom-tasks)`
The VS Code website build preprocessor takes care of removing `.md` and adding the underscore for the published link.
